About Us

Emilio Rymond Mumba (Client - BSc Hon Comp Sci)
is a SAP Basis Associate Consultant at EPI-USE Africa (Pty) Ltd. 
He is also a committee member of the ADFSL Conference on Digital
Forensics, Security and Law 2015. Some of his recent publications include 
Testing the Harmonised Digital Forensic Investigation Process in Post Mortem
Digital Investigation and Mobile Forensics using the Harmonised Digital Forensic
Investigation Process. In 2013 he was involved in the E-Health the Easy E-Pass
projects.


Khathutshelo Shaun Matidza (Developer - BSc IT)
"I have always been curious on the development of huge soft-
ware projects and I feel like this is the perfect starting point
for me. My decision is based on the fact that this project
seems to provide an exceptional challenge; I am a curious
person and I love a challenge. I can assure you (the client)
that I will lead this team to give our utmost best in order to
successfully complete and deliver a valuable final product."


Sylvester Sandile Mpangane (Developer - BSc Comp Sci)
"I believe this project will provide a good platform to learn
new technologies and enhance my knowledge with the software
engineering domain."


Thabang Michael Letageng (Developer - BSc Comp Sci)
"The project will probably give me an insight into the work-
place. It will give me a taste of what work-place is all about
and help me decide if whether I should go on to study for
honors. I believe I will become a better software developer
through this project as it encourages teamwork and innovative
thinking while leading one to learn new technologies within a
limited time."


Matthew Nel (Developer - BSc Multimedia)
"It will be a good software project to be demonstrated on my
CV where future employers will have a good idea of my skills.
This software project will be a chance to show my willingness
to learn and enhance my programming skills. It will change
my mindset in terms of how to approach and implement a
software project. The project will prove to be a challenge for
me that I can overcome and deliver a complete deliverable."
