iCrawler Privacy Policy

This privacy governs your use of the software application, iCrawler, which is a mobile monitoring app that was developed by the students from the Department of Computer Science at the 
University of Pretoria. The application monitors your activities on the mobile device and report application data/logs to a dashboard on a desktop computer. The objective of this application
is to display and assist in understanding the activities performed by you (or the user of the device in the case where you are the owner of this device but not the user) on the device as well
as shed more light into your behaviour as a user of this device.

User Provided Information

The Application obtains the information you provide when you register on the application. Registration with us is non-optional. You have to register your application with us as part of the installation
process. When you register with us and use the aapplication, you generally provide (a) your email address and password; and (b) what you specifically intend to use the application for; We may also
use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information and required notices. We will not use the information you provided to us for marketing promotions.

Automatically Collected Information 

In addition, the application will collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use your device. 
The mobile application will make use of GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and collect your call logs, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi logs, text messages including WhatsApp and/or Facebook conversations in the case where you are making use of WhatsApp and/or Facebook.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
•	as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
•	when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
•	with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
•	if the University of Pretoria is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our desktop dashboard of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at MMA@gmail.com .
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at MMA@gmail.com . and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at MMA@gmail.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
 
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to only authorized parties who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavour provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
 
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our desktop dashboard and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
 
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Republic of South Africa. If you reside outside South Africa your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under South African privacy standards. 
 
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at MMA@gmail.com .